Psalm 121 a song of ascents I will lift
Psalm 121 a song of ascents I will lift up my eyes to the hills from whence
up my eyes to the hills from whence
up my eyes to the hills from whence comes my help
comes my help
comes my help my help comes from the Lord who made
my help comes from the Lord who made
my help comes from the Lord who made heaven and earth he will not allow your
heaven and earth he will not allow your
heaven and earth he will not allow your foot to be moved he who keeps you will
foot to be moved he who keeps you will
foot to be moved he who keeps you will not slumber behold he who keeps Israel
not slumber behold he who keeps Israel
not slumber behold he who keeps Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep the Lord
shall neither slumber nor sleep the Lord
shall neither slumber nor sleep the Lord is your keeper the Lord is your shade at
is your keeper the Lord is your shade at
is your keeper the Lord is your shade at your right hand the Sun shall not strike
your right hand the Sun shall not strike
your right hand the Sun shall not strike you by day nor the moon by light the
you by day nor the moon by light the
you by day nor the moon by light the Lord shall preserve you from all evil he
Lord shall preserve you from all evil he
Lord shall preserve you from all evil he shall preserve your soul the Lord shall
shall preserve your soul the Lord shall
shall preserve your soul the Lord shall preserve your going out and your coming
preserve your going out and your coming
preserve your going out and your coming in from this time forth and even
in from this time forth and even
in from this time forth and even forevermore
forevermore
forevermore you